The light it BURNS!!!!!!
I don’t care for the mark zuckerberg fellow
Look away I’m doing unholy things
Guys it’s ok, she’s actually 500 years old
Back from my badminton game,
Where am I, who are you people
Anyone else smell live ammunition
Raspberry pi? I raspberry pi’d your mother last night
Tickle my pick why don’t you
When they don’t know how much you sacrificed….
I’m homeless
My dumptruck ass is stuck in the door
Any darkest dungeon quote
House of wuu?
I hear Weston’s dating Selena Gomez
Callan ambulance, but not fir me
Matt’s lookin fine today
Imagine being named Alex, horrifying
This isn’t a beach, it’s a bathtub
Life’s too long to respect authority
What’s the deal with airplane food
I miss the OJ trial
Y’know Ted Bundy wasn’t that bad a guy
Shrek is love, shrek is life
Yes I watch anime, and hentia too
Fish are friends not food
Living like larry
I’m your new stepdad
177013
Aeiou
Mmmmmm Yummy intestines
Screencaps? This is a hentia ma’am.
Ha, good one Alex
I ruined Christmas
I got reverse uno’ed to heterosexuality
Logan paul is the third coming of christ
Came for the means, came to the hentia
The divine comedy wasn’t that funny
Othello was a hype beast
Eating a whole forklift
Born to shit forced to wipe
Mosses parted the Red Sea with a beyblade
No comment, I guess
What are you all doing?
Oh him? He’s just in horny jail.
And you get horny jail, and you get horny jail
I will eat a cat
Sex
Your mother
I can make more milk 
hide the zucchini
They called me earth worm jim back in Nam
Will it blow?
Well hey there folks, welcome back
Leeeeeeeeets sausage!
It’s regrind time!
Eating Potato skins
Tingus Pingus
R.I.P Harambe 2016, never forget
I shall supply you with the schmeckles, if you supply the goods
In due time my fll power will be released
*Unzips pants* Ocupodo
Me and the boys going to House of Wu ᕙ[･۝･]ᕗ
*insert picture of finn here* (I’m changing this one to actually set a random finn link as the status)
F I N N W A V E
Hey who’s the ugly
Don’t even get me started
Now look at what you did, you got me started
So anyways I started blastin
No comment.
Have yall ever seen bowsers cock
I put the cream in creampie
Mac and cheese just isn’t that good
Had it not been the law of the land I would have SLAUGHTERED you
Tonight you be sleeping with the fishes
The train scene in invincible arouses me
Tell your mother I love her, I’m busy with Nick’s mom
I can tell you orangutan porn isn’t half bad
What’s the deal with eggplants, they aren’t eggs, they aren’t even plants
Kiss your mom 100 times
You kiss ONE goat and they think you’re into beastiality
(‿!‿) butt haha
Righto Shawty what’s all this then
Damn Bitch, you live like this?
I Do Not Care
If you don’t STFU i’m gonna commission a NSFW artist for me and your mom fricking
IT WAS ME, DIO!
They call me El Chapo
Horny? More like boring
Yeah, I fw the Federal Unemployment Tax Act what about it?
016484
Pizza, Mozzarella~ Pizza Mozzarella~
Ooh yeah, do doo doo doo doo doo doo doo! Baby baby, do do do do do doooo
I will eat another
you don't wanna know what I've done to achieve the ultimate DILF status
does anyone have a large mason jar I could have
hey little mama let me whisper in your ear
Currently 100%-ing: Persona 5 Strikers (69%)
Haha Jonathan you are banging my daughter
THE BALLS, NOOOOO
Oh frucj
hey stepbro I'm stuck in the washing machine, I could really use some help
don't pay attention to the man behind the curtain
@fuckyouliam
@Iloveyouliam
Watching g.help | /r/ genai
The existence of the Straight and Narrow implies the existence of the Gay and Thick
Well hell I'd piss on a spark plug if I thought it would do any good!
Now with 30% more mom jokes
with the reality you hold dear.
monopoly with the boys then someone paid 700 for brown
Um, your wife?
Alright Lightman. Maybe you can tell us who first suggested the idea of reproduction without sex.
THE BALLS NOOOOO
Oh frucj
Russian roulette but the bullets are actually filled with horse semen
PS4 if my mom didn't take it away because I pretended that Weston choked me
i'm gonna stick out like a horseshoe crab in a freshwater environment
no saying the gamer words in this Minecraft server
waiting for the alzheimers to set in
The relationship between man and girl is so complex
I can not hear your feeble whispers Matthew, for I am in deep slumber
Me gusta lo rosa que es y esos son los hechos
now there's two of them! that's one too many!
industrial zones make my pp itch
futa this vaccinated pp in ur mouth
When I come you shall see who is stronger a gentle little girl who doesn’t eat enough or a big wild man who his cocaine in his body